export portage db, oem sysext utils, sysext for azure (#858)
flatcar/scripts: changelog/changes/2023-06-06-sysext-for-azure-and-qemu-oem.md

> - Azure and QEMU images currently use sysext images for additional platform-specific software. For Azure images this also means that the image will have a normal python installation available through the sysext image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Azure and QEMU OEM images now use systemd-sysext images for layering additional platform-specific software on top of `/usr`. For Azure images this also means that the image has a normal Python installation available through the sysext image. The OEM software is still not updated but this will be added soon.
```

Author: Thanks!
